

Form Creatation :
  
  1. Go to project tree .Inside project tree we can create process inside local tree.Then double click in process.
     then go for form list inside process,
	  
  2. There are two importatnt part :
                     1. form tool : this is used to design the form 
					 2. DataClass Field : this is used to mapping the filed of the form 
					 
   3. First creatae the form then create the table inside process view 
   
 Table Creatation :
 
   4. Inside process view  go to the options  
            1. we can create define table then ceate the table and inside table two field are compulsary 
			         i.itemindex 
					 ii.itemtype 
					  Both are compulsory and mentain as primary key each and every table creatation 
    5. Then we can create another field same name for form label because mapping time there is no confusion  and save as same version .
	
Table & Form mapping :
	6. After creating table go for form view 
	                 i. To generate mapping.All table field is present inside dataclass field 
					 Fiest select the field inside form then select databse field inside dataclass field.
     
					 
				
				
Complex Table Creatation :
             1. Option : Define table  table name is for ex : cmplex_q_po_tesing
			 2. Inside name insertionorserid is complusary  to every table and type of this is long and and this is complusary primary .
			 3. pinstanceid is also complusary then add column inside the form of line details.
			 4. Save as same version .
			 5. Then go for option then go for complex type 
             6. Then create structure eg : cmplex_po_testing. and add member inside complex type and form 	field.		 
			 7. Save the process .
			 8. Then go for again option and inside option go for queue variable then insert name eg: q_po_testing and type is complex table .
			 9.Then add .
			 10.Then click for defining mapping and select complex table eg:cmplex_po_testing.
			 11. define mapping .
			 12. Define relation then click on parent table field and select processinstanceid it is complusary each and every table .
			 13. Child table field is pinstanceid .
			 14. Ok 
			 15. Save .
			 16. Inside form select table of line details and mapping queue testing eg:q_po_testing .
			 17. Go to table property and inside property go to the colunm and select colunm and and select the associsite field. and select associate control of field name.
			 Then click on modify .
			 18. Save .
			 